It is the fists of the fish that catch the fish every day
Uncle roll along'll see what you've Kern good example'll refrain 100002000
together
Seeds that grow along the 25 years we have a van one lucky about the fishing
You can go for 2 hours in town without a map or a compass.
The tournament unfolds mangang But this time again has me
Coming from a lot of gulls flock lined Hugh thing that I have something to fit on the sea
Signal
U
As soon as I check the location, I usually prepare the bait .
Similarly, it cuts a handsome gloved d charred-looking bag against the law sardines
Fit together on a fishing needle.
What is the alternative identity?
It's an important bait that is absolutely essential.
Also this ink 1 so that altogether, for one maid
Kindly let him pop it up directly to confirm.
It knew of about nine hours for the fires I have written things that I
It 's the cheapest thing you ever knew you could put a needle on .
I live in
The ink bag usually do not need the stone rolled it topped the US catch of tuna
Completely complete
Can I really catch the tuna?
I thought it was a card operation, but it's a little more simple.
It's an old technique is the only tuna jagin these unique way
I do this right from the old tuna caught up topics ohjeok tradition of tuna fishing
It's law.
When you keep your fishing line wiggling, the pocket with the needle catches
The octopus spreads in the waters.
Like a lie, the tuna comes up soon.
Oo
we
From March to June, it is the busiest time with 34b.
The first one did this.
* Know the fishing line steeper awesome example water'll eldest daughters
Sleep without Black Geo
Yellow tuna, whose back and stomach are yellow, is mainly used in canned sushi
It's a guy.
It is a progressive thing to catch the bait and to catch the bait knowing the inhabitant by the door
Do not miss the timing, quick fishing line should have one month
Wearing a temperament, weak and strong, and famous Baby Celebes
There is a confrontation with a tough resistance tuna.
s
What more true today Kung room to pack power is very strong jolt ever obtained
Cheese should immediately order that Bell Critical big tuna
This cut is about 70,000 won for a tuna
Tuna when 10 pairs of attending in droves once caught three waves beginning juljulyi
Coming up
Japeuni quite a 500kg total heathen score for each additional
The fluctuating heat sokedo the Dragon Wars 37 as a group
In addition